#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via nltk
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
demoji==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via huggingface-hub
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imbalanced-learn==0.13.0
    # via imblearn
imblearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keras==3.9.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.15.0
    # via keras
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
rich==14.0.0
    # via keras
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   sklearn-compat
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sklearn-compat==0.1.3
    # via imbalanced-learn
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-keras
termcolor==3.0.1
    # via tensorflow
tf-keras==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optree
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
